feat(core): added template for issues, feature requests and prs (#364)
fetchai/uAgents: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/issue_template.md

Reviewer: Why does `feature-request.md` use a hyphen in the filename and the others use underscores? Can we consistently use one or the other? I'd prefer hyphens if there is other difference.

Author: Fixing this rn

> name: Issue Report

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
name: Bug Report
```

description: Report an issue for uagents

> title: "[ISSUE]: <title>"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "<title>"
```

body:
  - type: markdown
    attributes:
      value: |

>         Thanks for taking the time to report an issue in uAgents! We appreciate your contribution to improving the library.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Thanks for taking the time to report a bug! We appreciate your contribution to improving the library!
```

  - type: checkboxes
    id: prerequisites
    attributes:
      label: Prerequisites
      description: Please confirm before submitting any new issue report form.
      options:

>         - label: I checked the [documentation](https://fetch.ai/docs) to make sure this issue has not already been resolved within the documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

          required: true

>         - label: I checked the [existing issues](https://github.com/fetchai/uAgents/issues) and made sure there are no similar open issues already been reported. It helps avoid duplicate reports and streamlines the issue management process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - label: I checked the [existing issues](https://github.com/fetchai/uAgents/issues) and made sure there are no similar bug report. 
```

          required: true
  - type: dropdown
    id: category
    attributes:
      label: Category
      description: Select the category that best describes your issue.
      options:
        - label: Bug (unexpected behavior)
        - label: Documentation Issue (error or unclear information in docs)

>         - label: Other (unclear issue type)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - label: Other
```

  - type: textarea
    id: description
    attributes:
      label: Describe the Issue
      description: Please provide a clear and concise description of the issue you encountered.
      placeholder: What went wrong?
      validations:
        required: true
  - type: textarea
    id: expected_behavior
    attributes:
      label: Expected Behavior
      description: Explain what you expected to happen in this situation.
      validations:
        required: false
  - type: textarea
    id: steps_to_reproduce
    attributes:
      label: Steps to Reproduce (Optional)
      description: If possible, provide detailed steps that consistently reproduce the issue. This will help us pinpoint the problem and fix it as soon as possible.
      placeholder: |
        1. In this environment ...
        2. With this configuration ...
        3. Run '...'
        4. See error ...
      validations:
        required: false
  - type: dropdown
    id: version
    attributes:
      label: uAgents Version
      description: Which version of uAgents were you using?
      options:
        - v0.11.1
        - v0.11.0
        - v0.10.0
        # Add other versions as needed
      validations:

>         required: true

Reviewer 2: make this a text field otherwise we should keep updating it.

Author: ok

  - type: textarea
    id: environment
    attributes:
      label: Environment Details (Optional)
      description: Provide any relevant information about your environment, such as operating system, Python version, and any other libraries used.
      render: markdown
      validations:
        required: false
  - type: textarea
    id: logs
    attributes:
      label: Failure Logs (Optional)
      description: Include any relevant log snippets or files here. You can paste directly or drag and drop files into this area.
    validations:

>         required: false

Reviewer 2: Add `render: shell`
